My wife Elizabete and I
immigrated to Europe in 2006
because of the economic situation
and civil war in Angola.
We were very poor in Angola.
We had nothing to eat.
Sometimes we spent
several days starving, with nothing to eat.
Despite everything, we were happy.
We never had the desire to immigrate.
We’d rather have stayed in Angola.
There is a big difference
between the African and European cultures.
When we arrived in France,
we quickly saw the dangers we could face.
It was easier to have
a spiritual routine in Angola.
Many things can distract us
from our spiritual routine today.
If we’re not careful, modern technology
can draw us away from Jehovah.
Despite our simple life,
we strive to be generous
and to teach our daughters
to be generous and hospitable.
We can do small things to help others.
We just want to show
our brothers how much we love them.
Relying on Jehovah for all our needs
and showing love to our neighbors
is the most beautiful answer to poverty.